Subtitles 04.09.24
Alakdhan
There will be a slight delay...
So Romil's arrival on the scene
resembled that of Akshay Kumar.
On a motorcycle with sunglasses.
I know it sounds dramatic
but some people's lives are like that.
Bright and happy.
Like a song from a movie.
And Jugal was so dramatic.
He still dreamed of Romil.
How cheesy. right?
♪ Wherever you go. ♪
♪ my heart will follow you ♪
♪ Wherever you stop. ♪
♪ that's where my heart stops too. ♪
♪ Where are you laughing. ♪
♪ that's where my heart laughs too. ♪
♪ Wherever I see you. ♪
♪ see you there. ♪
♪ you won't disappear from my sight. ♪
♪ No one ever escapes. ♪
♪ Handsome. come on. ♪
♪ talk to me ♪
♪ Hey fairy tale prince. ♪
♪ give me your heart and take mine ♪
♪ Handsome. come on. ♪
♪ talk to me ♪
♪ Hey fairy tale prince. ♪
♪ give me your heart and take mine ♪
Follow me.
♪ Your eyes tell a lot. ♪
♪ Look at your style. ♪
♪ I'm talking to you ♪
♪ at night in my dreams. ♪
♪ Look at me at least once. ♪
♪ Your eyes tell a lot. ♪
♪ Look at your style. ♪
♪ I'm talking to you ♪
♪ at night in your dreams. ♪
♪ Look at me at least once. ♪
♪ My heart tells me. ♪
♪ day and night I'm crazy. ♪
♪ Handsome. come on. ♪
♪ talk to me ♪
♪ Hey fairy tale prince. ♪
♪ give me your heart and take mine ♪
♪ Handsome. come on. ♪
♪ talk to me ♪
♪ Hey fairy tale prince. ♪
♪ give me your heart and take mine ♪
♪ Handsome. come on. ♪
♪ talk to me ♪
♪ Hey fairy tale prince. ♪
♪ give me your heart and take mine ♪
Close your mouth. You're drooling.
Hey. who are you to interfere?
between me and my fate?
You don't even know how to greet your fate.
At least I keep trying.
Hello. what is this?
My face is up here. okay?
I'm really sorry.
Are we planning anything for tonight?
Clearly. The plan is done. bro.
Such a poor man.
When it happens. it will be perfect.
- If it happens.
- It will happen.
- Shit! We're out of sugar.
- What?
Yesterday was Saturday.
I ordered it.
Ant attack. mom.
You think ants
will they take away a kilo of sugar?
That means Susheela
now he steals sugar.
Dear. really?
I look in the kitchen.
I'm so unlucky.
I have a headache and
I can't even have coffee.
I'll bring sugar from the Kohlis.
- Dad. your son is still alive.
- But your father will surely die.
I'd rather drink poison
like I was eating sugar from the Kohli's.
Dad. you don't understand.
Think about the future.
Please.
Dad. I'll go to them
home under the guise of sugar
and I will spy on them.
You can use it against them.
- In court?
- That's too much.
Nevertheless. son.
it's a great plan.
My headache is gone.
Bhagya!
Bhagya. in our family
we have an intriguer. Great!
A schemer? This fool?
Ramya. Jugal has come
with a brilliant plan.
He will go to the house
our neighbor Kohli
and under the guise of
borrowing sugar
he will be on the secret espionage
mission to gather information.
Wow. my secret spy!
But you won't be late
to meet Meher?
- Go. I'll bring the sugar.
- I'm coming.
It's weird if you're a guy
lends sugar. True father!
Hello. since when
are you sexist?
From this moment on.
Try to understand it.
I have ulterior motives.
- You saw their sexy son. right?
Please let me go. - Racist!
What? Did you like it too?
I was young and he was sexy.
Brother and sister are in love
to the same guy.
So "Game of Thrones".
- Hello. do you have some sugar?
You really are the people here
do they borrow sugar from the neighbors?
Are you from Delhi or America?
Isn't there a store near here?
- Actually. it's far.
- Yes. about 500 meters.
Are you home alone?
Why? People are waiting with
an escort to bring sugar here?
- You are so funny.
- Yes.
Thanks.
My future says so too.
Mrs!
Dimple. where is the toilet?
Sugar is in the kitchen.
What do you need a toilet for?
Before coming here
I had a pitcher of lemonade.
Of course. without sugar.
Left through the corridor.
Don't go right.
This is Romil's room.
Okay. thanks.
Dimple. I'll wait here. okay?
All right.
Jugs.
Mrs!
Sorry?
Where do I get my abs?
Please?
Actually. to the toilet.
Door on the right.
This is my room.
Dimple's girlfriend?
Nice dumbbells.
They must be yours. right?
That's why your biceps are so sexy.
Thanks.
It's a lot of hard work.
Sorry.
I forgot your name.
Ramya.
Your neighbor.
Do not you remember?
We've met before.
You were wearing a leather jacket
with those ripped jeans
and brown boots
and you were wearing Kenzo cologne.
I mean.
It was Kenzo. wasn't it?
Oh lord!
Amazing memory. man!
Sorry. my memory is not that good.
Anyway. nice to see you again.
- Yes.
- I have to get ready.
Great.
- Before you?
- Really?
no i meant
how can i prepare in front of you
- Right?
- Yes.
So if you'll excuse me.
Of course.
But since you're new here.
so if you want
meet or chat
- I am also on Facebook. Instagram. Twitter
- Clearly...
- also on Snapchat.
- Yes...
- You can also call me. I'll give you my number.
- Yes.
Hi Romil.
- Hello everyone.
- Good day.
- I'm sorry I'm late.
- Hi.
One word answer.
Husband and wife.
- Who said?
- Tell me about it.
Despite the fact that I am
Married for 12 years. my husband
behaves like
on the honeymoon.
- My goodness!
- Anyway.
can we discuss the book of the week?
- I'm sure you've read them all.
- Yes.
I think he has a wonderful
view of human values.
Yoghita. why don't you tell us about it?
What was the ending?
- I think it was deep.
- Yes.
- It was deep.
- Very deep.
As very deep as the Pacific Ocean.
Greetings.
- Is this the Colwynganj Book Club?
- Yes.
- Ladies. this is...
- Sunita Kohli. Ms. GM.
Sorry ladies.
I invited myself to your book club.
No problem.
Please have a seat.
Well thank you.
Mrs. Subramaniam
I know anywhere.
Her saree. slippers and her white…
I mean your natural hair.
It's in style these days.
What is it called?
Ratna Pathak Shah. Nafisa Ali...
Today we are discussing the book of the week.
"The God of Small Things"
by Arundhati Roy.
It's not the one
does he give speeches on television?
Even her hair is…
so...
She is very intelligent.
That's why she received the Nobel Prize.
Booker Prize.
Is it a romance novel?
He won't let us read romance novels.
It's not romantic.
But it has a different kind of romance.
It means.
that there will be a lot of sex.
Forget the little things.
Focus on bigger things.
- "Fifty Shades of Grey!"
- Just read it and...
- Let me...
I think you would Romil
should have insured the abdominal muscles.
When did you see his abs?
When I was under his bed.
- When were you under his bed?
- Hey buddy.
I wasn't under the bed.
I mean. the bed wasn't on me.
A bed? What bed?
- Hi.
- Hi. Hi.
Meher. pick up the pins.
There are a lot of them.
We have to put up posters
and not to tattoo them.
These pins are not sharp.
Bring some others.
All right. I'll go. just be cool.
All right.
- Jugal. Jugal. right?
- Yes.
- You know me?
- I see you everywhere I go.
I'm like your phone network.
Probably because we are neighbors.
- Not.
- Yes.
- Really?
It's great.
Anyway. this game…
You wrote it. didn't you?
Not. Shakespeare wrote it
but I'm directing it.
You know. in its original form
you need that passion. dedication.
- feelings and a lot of hard work...
- Bro. I thought
that I could participate in the audition
to your game?
My parents think that options.
The options are here. A lot.
Which audition do you want to go to?
I mean for which role
do you want to log in?
Father. Mercutio. Tybalt...
Romeo.
Yes. Why can't you be my Romeo?
Why can't you play Romeo?
I want to say why
aren't you going to audition for Romeo?
Yes.
- Audition tomorrow at six.
- Great. that sounds good.
- We will see you.
- Yes. Thanks bro.
Bro?
Happy Monday.
Happy Monday to you too. Dad.
Kohli started a happy Monday at the office.
Everyone will drink tea at 9:00 on Monday
and discuss together on the weekend.
That's so sweet. daddy.
Sweet? Whose side are you on?
I sent you to
spy on his house
but you came back with sugar.
This Kohli is a snake.
who will steal our future.
Like a rat.
dad make up your mind
whether it is a snake or a rat.
- It's both a snake and a rat.
- Greetings.
- Mr. Assistant Director General.
- Hello Mr. Kohli.
- Is that your son? - This is Jugal.
- Hello sir.
Son. your father and I are
like Jai and Veeru
from Eden Meadows.
I am Dharmendra. Full of life.
He is Amitabh Bachchan.
Strong and reliable.
Your dad is a rock.
He is a rock.
Mr. Kohli.
- Hello. Romil.
- Excuse me. - No. just keep going.
I hear every morning
the sound of your motorcycle.
I'm really sorry sir.
I will be more careful from tomorrow.
And buddy. how are you doing?
Dad. Jugal will be at university
to direct a Shakespeare play.
Madras people are intelligent.
Because they eat fish.
Uncle we are vegetarian
and fish are eaten by Bengalis.
- Sit down. uncle.
- Yes. Bengalis.
Your idea
on Happy Mondays is awesome.
Thanks dear. Do you see?
I don't look as good as my son
for people to agree with me
just because they will see my face.
So I have to use my brain.
- I have to come up with ideas.
- Kohli!
Mr. Kunwar.
- Hello sir.
- And you must be Romil.
Yes sir.
Nice to meet you sir.
- This is my daughter. Rajnandhini.
- Dad!
But you can call her Rosie.
Rosie. Nice.
She was in London for a few days.
she came back last night.
Oh yes. Wedding.
- Nice to meet you.
- I'm more pleased.
Kohli. your son looks good.
Thanks. Sir.
Girls after him
they have been going crazy since he was 14 years old.
Come on. Dad.
He receives every day
two love letters. right?
- Don't embarrass me.
- Kohli.
If you want to know the truth about someone.
what should you look at?
- On his shoes.
- On his son.
Your son is yours
character certificate.
we can talk anytime
but let's have a scotch.
Let's go.
Please have a seat.
Not here.
Let's sit in the lounge.
Now you are no longer a regular member.
Excuse us.
- Rosie.
- Yes. father?
I thought next time
let's go somewhere for the weekend
we could take Romil.
- Lounge. my God!
- Leave it alone. dad.
Why bother with useless politics?
- You were on a date with Rosie. weren't you?
- Yes.
What did you do with her that they accepted
new CEO?
Dad. I didn't do anything.
Actually Rosie do it more.
She even tried to kiss me.
Yes.
What did you do?
Of course I refused.
I am a gentleman.
- Not...
- Why do you say that?
Hell is not so fierce
like a woman scorned.
Come on. Dad. Don't be so stupid.
You think Rosie was complaining
to his father and that's why it's happening?
If you had kissed her then.
I didn't have to say goodbye to my career.
Have I ever forbidden you to do something?
Have I ever said:
"Don't drink beer. Don't go to parties."
"Don't have girlfriends."
I just said. "Don't do drugs."
Everything else is fine.
- Yes. father.
- Yes.
Why didn't you kiss her?
All my hard work was wasted.
I'm sorry. dad.
I let you down.
Dad. you'll see. Sooner or later
he will realize your worth.
He can't find a better engineer than you.
This is the first time in the world
the less the contestant
nervous as a jury foreman.
Self respect. Have you heard of it?
Alright. Let's go people.
Boys on the left and girls on the right.
- Who wants to go first?
- I...
How about you. You can be satisfied...
Not. Another please.
- Before you...
- To help me after...
I gave you myself.
I kiss your lips.
Next. Dialogue. Something?
It is the east and Julia is the sun.
Rise the sun. beautiful sun...
The word after the sun... The moon.
- Kill the moon...
- And kill the envious moon.
- Which one is sick?
- But soft!
But soft...
The sun comes in through the window.
The window breaks.
But soft!
What comes out of yawning...
the window is sick.
No. the moon is sick. Yes.
Next one.
You girls are really good.
Yes. I mean it.
How is it. man?
I got lost in those feelings.
- But gentle...
- Sorry... Yes. I understand.
But soft! What light comes through
those broken windows?
It is the east and Julia is the sun.
Get up. beautiful sun
and kill the envious moon.
- who is already sickly pale.
- That is enough.
Was it too soft?
I could pump it up a bit.
- No. thanks. We...
- We're giving you this role.
- Really?
- Yes. Definitely.
I liked the dramatic touch.
You bring Shakespeare to the masses.
Ok. exams start from
Monday. I'll see you then.
Fine.
That was so unprofessional.
Act like a real director dude.
You can't occupy someone
because you want to meet him.
Clearly.
You know nothing about real directors.
Moron!
- WARNING!
- Oh. sorry.
Rosie. you look really amazing!
But obviously...
listen i was thinking
that for the role of Juliet.
there is no one better in the entire university.
- Shakespeare's Juliet?
- Romeo's Juliet.
Romil will play Romeo.
Romil Kohli?
It doesn't look that good.
That's why we need Julia like you.
You will look together
like Shah Rukh and Kajol.
And when at the end
you die on stage
the audience will shed tears and go crazy for you.
Can you see it?
Is there a kissing scene?
It's a romantic game.
So yes.
- But if it makes you uncomfortable...
- I am in.
Great. See you at 17.00.
Catch me up if you can. Mr. Director.
- I will be the best Romeo.
which one you will ever have. - Really?